>> So awareness on the
gold crown above your head.
[CHIME]
When your mind
wanders, bring it back.
[CHIME]
(SINGING) The Lord
is my shepherd.
I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie
down in green pastures.
He leadeth me beside
the still waters.
[CHIME]
[VOCALIZING]
He restoreth my soul.
She prepareth a table in
the midst of mine enemies.
She annointeth my head with oil.
My cup runneth over.
[CHIME]
Even though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death,
I shall fear no evil.
For thy rod and thy
staff, they comfort me.
Surely goodness and
mercy shall follow
me all the days of my life.
And I shall dwell in the
house of my Lord forevermore.
[CHIME]
[VOCALIZING]